🐈 1.8.2 (#1137)
cloudflare/wrangler: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 🐈 1.8.2

- ### Features

  - **Configurable binary host URL - [noherczeg], [pull/1018]**

    Previously, binaries installed by Wrangler were all assumed to come from npm. If you work in a controlled environment and can only install binaries from a specific endpoint (instead of npm), you can now specify that endpoint using the WRANGLER_BINARY_HOST environment variable.

    [pull/1018]: https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/pull/1018
    [noherczeg]: https://github.com/noherczeg

- ### Fixes

  - **Eliminate downtime when redeploying Workers Sites - [ashleymichal], [issue/783], [pull/1115]**

>     When Workers Sites were first introduced, redeploying a site could lead to a few seconds of downtime if the Worker upload fails. Specifically, if a new Workers Sites upload failed, it was possible that the old, now-unused files in Workers KV would be deleted anyways, meaning that the preexisting Workers Site would suddenly have missing resources. This fix pushes 

Reviewer: ends on a cliff-hanger!

Author: ```suggestion
    When Workers Sites were first introduced, redeploying a site could lead to a few seconds of downtime if the Worker upload fails. Specifically, if a new Workers Sites upload failed, it was possible that the old, now-unused files in Workers KV would be deleted anyways, meaning that the preexisting Workers Site would suddenly have missing resources. This fix pushes up a new Workers Sites script before deleting now-unused files to ensure 100% uptime.
```

  - **Eliminate downtime when redeploying Workers Sites - [ashleymichal], [issue/783], [pull/1115]**

>     When Workers Sites were first introduced, redeploying a site could lead to a few seconds of downtime if the Worker upload fails. Specifically, if a new Workers Sites upload failed, it was possible that the old, now-unused files in Workers KV would be deleted anyways, meaning that the preexisting Workers Site would suddenly have missing resources. This fix pushes up a new Workers Sites script before deleting now-unused files to ensure 100% uptime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When Workers Sites were first introduced, redeploying a site could lead to a few seconds of downtime if the Worker upload fails. Specifically, if a new Workers Sites upload failed, it was possible that the old, now-unused files in Workers KV would be deleted anyways, meaning that the preexisting Workers Site would suddenly have missing resources. This fix waits to delete now-unused files until after a new Workers Sites script is published.
```
